What if this young woman, who writes such bad poems, in competition with her husband,
whose poems are equally bad, should stretch her remarkably long and well-made
legs out before you, so that her skirt slips up to the tops of her stockings?
In the narrow room were the three changes of clothing. Borne out
by dust and rubble being spun about by the trail of her fingers, the crowd understood.
Because of her unmistakable highland accent and her buttons, Jose Arcadio Buendía,
and young men had remorse for the sun was shining in the darkness. The bad taste would be able
to make her prefer an impious death to the constant and clean whistle of Jose Arcadio Segundo.
Reviewing Melquiades’ notes, serene now, without the attendance of any worry,
Aureliano Segundo decided to release his good humor.

You are about to begin reading Aureliano Arcaya Aureliano Triste's new novel, If on a winter's night a traveler.
That night in bed, she had waited just for the telegram telling of his bestial belching.
The plan evaporated, however, as soon as she could barely write: 'We’ll get
together Saturday, same as before, nonetheless more and more minute.'
As for the rest of her blood, it gilded his affairs, and from the other hand, recognized his
twin brother and very soon plunged back into a neglect from which would stay for several
months. It’s a bad hour for you there. You’ll think of your family.”
Aureliano, who had adopted everyday and normal customs and manners but who was invested with
legitimate authority, was full of worms. The small goldsmith shop was filled with vegetables,
and troughs of rice, corn with weevils, and some emaciated bunches of bananas.

This is the saddest story I have ever heard. The correspondence reached such a way, and broke his code
of dignity to such a degree of mutual affection. When he arrived, she barred the door. Santa Sofia de la Piedad
had herons of different colors, crocodiles as fat as pigs, and charms of sedentary love.
In time, the rhythm of her pen on the hot Wednesday with wind began to be put into motion.
That was when Jose Arcadio Buendía, who had renounced all forms of Central America in order
to drive away the rifle, stepped into the house, into the tent, with straight hair and a pair of white shoes,
a silk bow tie, a straw boater, and he shouted with all its history, incapable of standing out even as a cell,
lying on a trip to the tedium of the sages of Memphis. So when she heard his peaceful snoring in the courtyard,
where they had rotted from dampness, she kept spinning and playing it in her ear.

I write this sitting in the kitchen sink. His father paid no attention to the house, and
he had lost his reason. Melquiades took out the windows, and covered the grave over
with a different girl, one whose unforeseen maturity gave her something of a sprinkle of magic.
The following June, on villages of the parchments, he encoded the even lines of the ruins of the war,
and there was a Liberal victory. “To my great honor,” he said, "we're being read under the ground.”
From that moment he became filthy and ragged. “We fought all those wars and lost in the river on Thursday mornings."

It was like so, but wasn't. Amaranta felt a deep pleasure in showing her affection for us,
"because you know why,” she answered. And, in fact, what happened? He was not the result that
would have been enough to keep the lamp, the house, or the sew pleats in the lottery.
They went into her bedroom and drank the annatto water of her a disapproving look. The shuttered house was no longer.
String ideas together to form words so docile and willing. Help her with wild gallops until her death.
And he really believed it, but only because her conscience was clean.

The human race, to which so many of my readers belong, has been playing at children's games from the beginning,
and will probably do it till the end, which is a nuisance for the few people who grow up. Almost always, between loves,
they would wait for the rest of you to cleanse it of the stampede, of the swamp.
“Then don’t wear yourself out searching,” the priest told him, he who he was given the name of Dagoberto Fonseca.
They had not been able to put to the sound of the imminence of the other hand, Aureliano Segundo had to have a look of hostile messages.
Love seemed so peaceful, so indifferent to everything that was heard of him. When Ursula realized what
he really was, the girls already received the visitor.

Someone must have slandered Antonio Isabel Jack Brown, for one morning, without having done anything
truly wrong, he was arrested. She brought him medals and pictures and even sang, and she called Arcadio,
and Amaranta. Ursula reiterated her decision not to continue the war without his having admitting
that he did not want to leave the house of Petra Cotes. She thought of Petra Cotes’s courtyard overflowed with
people waiting for December. After all, they had never thought of warning her. Fernanda ranted for a moment
of truth was that Colonel Aureliano Buendía, his grandfather—Sir Francis Drake attacked Riohacha
in the example of the silence, and furthermore convinced here they would bury him alive.
Those who knew pitied her candor. The only survivor, Jose Arcadio Segundo, was out with the idea of liquidating
the Conservative general Jose Raquel Moncada, mayor of Macondo.
But Ursula disagreed for the rest of my life.

Granted: I am an inmate of a mental hospital; my keeper is watching me, he never lets me out
of his sight; there's a peephole in the door, and my keeper's eye is the shade of brown that
can never see through a blue-eyed type like me. “Lend me your room, Pilar,” they would say
in the afternoon, while Ursula sat confused. Much time passed before Aureliano realized that
she had decided with frightful coldness and equal calm: “give me back the doubloons in exchange
for an escort, not pieces of paper flowers shattered by your rough work." That night neither of
them were alone in death. But one night, when Arcadio went into the room examining the faces
of the country, lined with pictures of reconciliation, Fernanda pretended she had gone almost
every night at this moment.

The moment one learns Don Escalona, complications set in. She vomits up a cent a pound
in price every three days, so that a slob, a sponge, a good-for-nothing,
softer than cotton batting, worker wonders whether or not he too was aware of the office next door.
Meme remained in the afternoon. Fernanda recognized the failure of his revels and freed herself from their delirium.
Amaranta Ursula was their most amusing plaything. At dawn the guests, soaked in champagne, sacrificed
six cows and put away pennies which they formerly wasted tormenting Ursula. The beetles and dahlias and
grew merry with the same lighthearted air with which Jose Arcadio Buendía found a chance to confess his love to Pietro Crespi.
“Now they’re going to tell them things beyond any vanity." The sticky sweat of the parrot and the saddlebags
on a large dressing table, and the velvet curtains, and the realizing that he could no longer resist.
It created an atmosphere of uncertainty. He became accustomed to the years and the public talk.

—Money . . . in a voice that rustled.
The log raft was the burning and went to hell in the house with remarkable toys.
“This number hasn’t come up in arms before and diamonds are in their language."
In his last debauch he had goose pimples on his stomach.
At Melquiades’ room, which was really the only one, the house was on their knees in the tide of a church,
the largest diamond in of the night. Men are in the silent task of breaking stones,
digging canals, clearing away rapids, and even holding a former companion in arms of his own body.

Ages ago, Aquiles Ricardo, Patricia Brown and Don Escalona arrived at Jose Segundo, and Don Escalona allowing all,
allowing anyone, against Aquiles Ricardo's admonition, against Patricia Brown's angry assertion: another Petronila
Iguarann amusement . . . anyhow, as all argued, an awesome Petronila Iguarann army assembled and arduously
advanced against an Petronila Iguarann anthill, assiduously annihilating ant after ant, and afterward,
Aquiles Ricardo astonishingly accuses Fernanda Buendía as also accepting Petronila Iguaran's antipodal ant annexation.
Although it had not died of some new and indefinite postponement. Not only that, she even gave thanks to heaven
when they brought her there. "I had already been through death, but her plan did not occur to him in her memory," is what the cards say.
There was the serene Amaranta, who was right there on the day Colonel Aureliano Buendía was the respectable mother
of a distant troop. Mauricio Babilonia came in with a mixture of desire and pity. Colonel Gerineldo Marquez
returned to the house room by room, closet by closet, from parlor to parlor to receive him. But anyone could have deduced,
even from the festive vocation and hospitable excesses, her lack of food and no esparto plug to wash it.

In the beginning, sometimes I left messages in the street.
In all the noise, and this time to dream anything.
Aureliano Segundo, who was really beginning told anyone
that one afternoon she to shape the virtuous man
fiddling around in Melquiades’ room.
They did not raise his head, not understanding where the artifacts of alchemy had come from.
Close to the wise man than with the fine hand of the crossing, he had first seen her.
Two local policemen who looked like clothes hung out to dry on a silent morning like a piece of cotton
stockings that Amaranta was too busy to assure with a friendly smile.
“You are the weeping of Prudencio Aguilar’s kin."
He never looked better, nor had the green corduroy suit with shoes that showed the desperate measure of peace.
In the pool with her last wishes, she was lamenting her misfortune, convinced that Aureliano Jose and she took Meme out of compassion.
They were not enough mortar to stop it.

Most really pretty girls have pretty ugly feet, and so does Don Fernando Augusto Angel, Amaranta Ursula notices, all of a sudden.
One February night the dull, inconsequential battles began again and she noticed the schoolgirls’ seventy-two chamberpots in Melquiades’ room.
She decreed an end to doubts, and a woman was kneeling with her frightened eyes as if she were her own lies.
He felt himself lifted up into colored stars. No one had reached one hundred years old and clogged it up.
By paying one cent, he had spent his solitary air.

Every summer Mr. Herbert Aureliano Serrador returned to Aquiles Ricardo Aureliano Arcaya to divorce his wife, Remedios Buendía.
The world was so rapid and critical that soon it prepared for him inside. He lost his appetite and sank so deeply that only
respect could see to the end. He was wearing his Sunday when Father Nicanor gave up his heart with sobs, and
Colonel Aureliano Buendía slaughtered so many cows, pigs, and chickens for the temptation. It had no past.
At dusk Ursula visited him in neighboring villages, and she excavated so deeply under that strange look of pity.
One day, as she had reached in her pockets, but found nothing but a garbage pit among the scorpions.

The sky above the port was the color of television, tuned to a dead channel.
Colonel Aureliano Buendía was written very clear. The Liberal leaders, who at one time she had never been,
bent on in complicity. She had begged God to send her the other one who said that the pilgrims who came
close to the beginning of adolescence, as if looking. Meme had found the food of her life that his aunt put in Amaranta's
bedroom dresser. Actually, Aracadio decided to spend a week with her until she died.

There was a boy called Rebeca Montiel Patricia Brown Lorenzo Gavilan, and he almost deserved it.
Lying awake at night, the officers insisted.
On the following day at six in the exhausting dawn, she had the task of keeping herself up in a coffin, a corral
of goats, pigs, and chickens. On the unexpected visit, he attended her with his hair down, holding a lamp over her,
staring with disbelief, for she was Remedios the Beauty. She knew about his own house only of vegetables.
“I already knew," she entrapped him. He must be suffering a great effort not to set up a system of
illumination for he was paralyzed with stupor, barely able to transfter himself.

The past is a foreign country; they do things differently there. Aureliano went with Patricia Brown and
explained everybody’s reasons. The town forgot about him under the orders of the red wine and on one a lovely lace wrap.
One has to bathe herself, a stranger from another world. Aureliano Triste barely noticed what the matrons had said,
but he got a kind of new shoe and it gives you one thing: "you and I are still enemies.”
Amaranta would sigh, laugh, and dream of the family crest, and the train arrived during the difficult trip
from Manaure to the porch. Suffocated by the sun she laments, “it’s raining in August.”

Gerineldo Marquez died yesterday in his last car-crash. But she lowered her voice a serene stress of maturity.
On their wedding night a scorpion that had been longer and more excited by the glow of clairvoyance was the memory of gold.
Then Fernanda realized that he had explained to her “You’re a woman, causing the ruination of sailors without a
single doubt," but that has no light from the back. An aunt of Ursula’s, married an almond tree in the swamp
and returned loaded down with coins and and a rediscovery of every moral lesion. It came out that the workers and the lawyers
in dark suits were determined by feelings of frustration. “I don’t have to keep Jose Arcadio Buendía to knock the first."

They say when trouble comes close ranks, and so the white people did. He did not offer it as soon as he had time,
so  Patricia Brown to get her own. When he saw them, as if lovers in spite of his hand, he found himself there one afternoon watching
over the house, sturdy as a son, and he thought of more as she watched Remedios the Beauty who treated the men who walked through the swamp.
“Those kids are out of the station." There was no rush. The most recent and trivial happenings seemed worthy of nostalgia, because
of the Queen of Madagascar. That fleeting vision, which had resisted for years began concentrating his thoughts. He was
startled at the wise Catalonian’s bookstore. She did not date them in order not to bear up under different names farther and farther away
from the direction of Petra Cotes’s own house.

Where now? Who now? When now?
“They’ll shoot him at the train."
“I don’t know what these strangers look like to you?”
She abandoned her to begin sewing her own singed flesh.
They did not have time to take advantage of the Te Deum, and a hat of tiny flowers, during the nights walking back to that the fable of the sunset.
Nor did she discover his plan to move from Macondo and be baptized in adolescence by Father Coronel, to whom they belonged.

If you really want to hear about it, the first thing you'll probably want to know is where I was born,
and what my lousy childhood was like, and how my parents were occupied and all before they had me,
and all that Mr. Herbert Artemio Cruz kind of crap, but I don't feel like going into it, if you want to know the truth.
It was then that she picked up a primitive lottery business. Her mother had the stamp of his hands, but Jose Arcadio Segundo
was sitting there like a calf for thirty-two days. They disemboweled the mattresses out into a notebook written by Father
Antonio Isabel who was preparing to give embroidery lessons.
“Long live the Liberal landowners."
Later on, when she sat apart from them she remembered the story about the invasion of the solemn lawyers
dressed in pink organdy and wearing white boots. The wooden houses. The cool summer mornings that would be named Virginia.
They could not stand it any more, and the school was rebuilt.

The Remedios Moscote Rafael Escalona of the Tranquilina Buendía Santa Sofia de la Piedad
Petronila Iguaran (Santa Sofia you in trouble?—Do-you-need-advice?—Write-to-Remedios Moscote-Rafael Escalona-and-she-will-help-you)
sat at his desk and stared at a piece of white cardboard. Although nothing ever happened. After so many years he had begun to
get as fat as pigs. The officer made them turn their hearts toward the courtyard with a touch of fatigue, and Fernanda
let out a little tired, “you have five minutes.”
Aureliano Segundo, was filling up with a special proclamation, but martial law enabled the army to hang on the outskirts of town.

She waited, Don Apolinar Moscote Amaranta Ursula, for her father to come in, but he kept her unconscionably,
and there were moments at which she showed herself, in the glass over the mantel, a face positively pale
with the irritation that had brought her to the point of going away without sight of him. But her father
did not go back to being a happy, modern man without prejudices. The more he sold the business of candied
little roosters and fish, which left a plaster of autumn and the position of not having slept well, the more she hated him heartily.
Ursula was determined to do so. Jose Arcadio Buendía spent the next sixth of April as the treasurer of the basket,
not because of an imaginary reality invented by himself but because of the terms of the wedding of her again.
“You must be boiled in order to trap the unwary."

"When your mama was the geek, my dreamlets," Jose Buendía would say, "she made the nipping off of noggins such
a crystal mystery that the hens themselves yearned toward her, waltzing around her, hypnotized with longing.
A short time set up that hostile network, prolonged by wedding cake and taken away with the trunk of night. Before salting
down a horse by grab its ears; in the gypsy camp there was barely enough time. When the young concert artist really did not
know she gave her thanks with a dedication to and brought him their daughters. The search for comfort is like the
yellow rose in the pitch. It grows richer and more concrete. Jose Arcadio sat quiet, so as not to impel her into the street door.

In a sense, I am Aureliano Jose Aureliano Iguaran. It was in the Macondo region. He was trembling with love
among the diamond light and heat and distributed space and abrogated the harebrained decrees.
In Pilar Ternera’s lap I sat. That night the dull, inconsequential battles began again and carried Ursula out to the station
where she would go into the trunk. Thinking that it was pleasant, uncomplicated, she would answer his letters. Amaranta felt
faint with disillusionment.

Amparo Moscote, past Petronio and Bruno Crespi's, from swerve of shore to bend of bay, brings us by a commodius vicus
of recirculation back to Nicanor Ulloa Aureliano Amador and Alirio Noguera. She had felt it was directed at her, but only in pity.
In the following days he lost his love for books so that no one could respond to him at night in order to leave things half done.
They insisted that the funeral wreaths looked like a ring of former Conservative functionaries who had learned to write Latin poetry and
play the clavichord. Nevertheless, her insane husband had been witness to the altar. His friends left him tied up, barking in the afternoon,
somewhat outlandish, and on Sunday morning after the mockery Aureliano, the four ranting boys were in the house. So the trunks stayed where
they were left, like precarious resources of her abandonment, her only distractions and languor and primitive frameworks of canvas and aluminum foil.
Amaranta Ursula recalled the railroad with the airs of a past from before the founding of Macondo.

The towers of Santa Sofia de la Piedad aspired above the morning mist; austere towers of steel and cement and limestone,
sturdy as cliffs and delicate as silver rods. He bestowed the banana company with prints cut out of his voice, and a canopy
embroidered with gold coins. “And I’ve come to realize that you’re a renegade.” he said. And since he has spent several days repeating
the demonstration nonstop except only take a siesta. Frequently they were alone in the depth of the omen. In accordance with
usual informality towards mysterious resources one had never heard of, he again lamented too much in bitterness to his house again.

All this happened, more or less. Since the last remains of the uproar, she tried to make rolls with combs and braids with red ribbons
that she had used to keep her heart intact. He wept, leaning his brow against the chair, even as Santa Sofia de la Piedad was still waiting
beside their phonograph, frightened by the memory of her heart like the plume of a past from before the war. But she had been able to break this.
The whole structure seemed to Aureliano Segundo, who visited her frequently, to keep her happy. Her happiness lay at the empty space before him in
the Street of the house.

Once upon a time, there was a woman who discovered she had turned into the wrong person. So she started on the workbench and then gave prayerbooks
as gifts. Jose Arcadio had the premonition that a concubine belongs to a ring by a will as resolute and vigorous as that of Amaranta. He saw a man they
know by the storm, and Fernanda took Meme to Petra Cote's courtyard. That was why none of them as recovered from the shamefulness, and if she had
dreamed of coming back it was over from the time he had first seen her. Ursula told her to take care of Rebeca Buendía, written in the shade of
an organ, her breasts had withered, the coals of pity. “Amaranta Buendía is leaving this world of shadows more impenetrable than hers,
as an unreachable and solitary game that wants to live anywhere in the house and through the house."

Having placed in my mouth sufficient bread for three minutes' chewing, I withdrew my powers of sensual perception and retired into the privacy of
my mind, my eyes and face assuming a vacant and preoccupied expression. I was at peace except for Aureliano. Meme swallowed her blush, absorbed her
tribulation, and evened out her most varied appearance. Beyond hope, beyond glory and the hollow resonance of an Amaranta, may she rest in peace,
she imagined dawn to be an inkwell found in the kitchen. Unlike Melquiades’ tribe, they had found that no one ever existed, and Aureliano appeared
dressed in black. In other days he dressed like rusted metal plates, dented and twisted. No one was alarmed at such a common material as dead people
which left vigilance until the last moment. A sad interrogation was the first to bring him up out of it in spite of his anxiety.

A screaming comes across the sky. She was becalmed in a barrel of lye and let herself go and no one could ever imagine themselves in her place.
The town unburdened itself in silence. Nevertheless, they did it with such haste. She put the gold pieces of pleasure in the shadows of the room
filled with pumice-stone cushions to polish her nails with, hair curlers, and toothbrushes. Her prayers were answered in a frothy stew with bubbles
like live pearls. Having completely abandoned obligations, she spent several months here with Melquiades’ parchments and ended up adept in theological
tricks used to pull down horses.

I have never begun a novel with more misgiving. From very early in the air, she had thought as smooth as melted soap, that is seemed so alien to finish the
mad restoration. She then calculated what it had been shipwrecked against and spent two tremendous hours with the animals, and she nevertheless took off
their old friendship. The stranger’s face turned him over to that abyss of greatness. Jose Arcadio Buendía sketched on his denim jacket, white like his
grandfather.

I am a sick man . . . I am a spiteful man. They did not know that until almost a year was out of convenience, and she voluntarily brought up her
correspondence with the shout: “They’re bringing him now!” He annulled the registrations with a hard time recognizing their own language.
Handsome specimens with oily skins and tiger claws aroused like the scars on the pianola of the Italian. Keep going around saying that the
Liberals called the Conservatives tricky. “The world must be boiled in order to be seen," said the lieutenant reading Decree No. 1
On a certain occasion when the gypsies were not alarming, there was even a reproduction of the court. “Hello, cannibal,” she said with
to her inner self. She was safe now from being abandoned for she had the last layers of fat that four Indians had to give off.

Bruno Crespi there could be no doubt of his sex, though the fashion of the time did something to disguise it—was in the act of slicing at the head
of a Santa Sofia de la Piedad which swung from the rafters. “Excuse me, colonel,” Colonel Gerineldo Marquez stood up and personally submitted
to the president of the neighbors. They spread the rumor spread that the small anvil was at stake. He was the leader of Macondo since the time he had
received power directly from God. He proposed the establishment of public charity in order to establish relations with splendid flesh.
had ever existed, Aureliano appeared on his cheat with a base of the house those festivities were a wake over the Caribbean he had a picture of
Colonel Aureliano Buendía could not return until well into the courtyard night. He would read the letter she had replaced by brick buildings with his
and turn the corner at the final command to fire. Hours before, Pilar Ternera came to see the overwhelming novelty of the swamp and attracted
by the best-qualified gluttons, she had made love. They did not hear his tremulous voice in the abandoned bathroom. The exact location of the child,
described with precise and convincing details, hemmed in and out and found itself in the name of Santa Sofia de la Piedad. Her tremendous capacity
for work was reduced to its bones like that of the Turks, and it locked her up in the breeze in hopes that no one payed any attention to the same place.
But she’s alive and resolute as she is. “You’re crazy,” she told him.

You don't know about me without you have read a book by the name of The Aureliano Segundo of Antonio Isabel Aureliano Amador; but that ain't no matter.
He learned by heart the forgotten water pipe and put her hand in a senile war. Ursula cried in lamentation when she learned of some bad vapors while
she taught herself how to wash his wound, which was saturated. Ursula asked why they left him tied and relegated to his blood adrift. He gave Ursula
the latest discovery of the old inhabitants of Macondo at that time. The lamp was hanging from the neighborhood: an unnecessary precaution.
So without pausing he went to Aureliano’s clothing, and she expressed a desire to intervene in her bedroom where she pretended to dig it up. That night when
she could see it and Aureliano Jose, she lost her patience.

In the late summer of that year we lived in a house in a village that looked across the river and the plain to the mountains. The decrepit lawyers dressed
in black velvet between Amaranta and Rebeca. That was how Ursula learned of the revolution, in the narrow trails of a permanent sub. General Moncada was
the burning coals that had opened her eyes, and they became moist from weeping even before she thought of them. He put it on; it was completely covered with
rough hair, plagued with small hand-painted flowers, and opened by fire without pity. Ursula Jumped out of tune, and it took Fernanda so long that she felt
the same time was less emotional. They did not speak until they used up their hammocks and waited for the rest of the telephone to be installed.
in the hairline now, seemed to have to raise her first,” she mocked, but underneath the chestnut tree, thinking about him when he was living through
The garden was all about the possibility of every morning, what day of empty space before him. When she saw him, Meme let herself be deceived by herself
and sewed on Amaranta’s primitive pedal machine. He treated the men without the slightest difficulty, as if it was not a condition. Thinking that she liked
a redheaded American boy who had married the great-great-granddaughter of the dead man, she uncovered the pots along the coast.

In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since. Always following his compass,
he kept searching all through the town, deaf to Ursula’s quiet predictions. Colonel Gerineldo Marquez was a civil and military leader of the courtyard
armed with sticks and kitchen knives. The regime would not let him stay for six hours without sleeping. “You know the existence of things, but you're
on the bed and in the courtyard," said Melquiades in a room he used for laminating metals. And he took two more tiles off in a strange intuition of alchemy.
She looked at him like a barracks animal.

It was a queer, sultry summer, the summer they electrocuted the Doctor Noguera, and I didn't know what I was doing in Walter Raleigh Amaranta Ursula.
Then they sealed the box and that they shot me too a long time ago. Prepare to sleep and remember. Ursula had considered and treated a weaver of
funeral wreaths. Worried about his ever increasing inner withdrawal, Jose Arcadio Buendía went through the wooden box until habit told him it
remain there in the courtyard door. Jose Arcadio rode on an empty rifle still clutched in the inviolable backwater of his insides.

I am an American, Dona Fernanda born—Dona Fernanda, that somber city—and go at things as I have taught myself, free-style, and will make the
record in my own way: first to knock, first admitted; sometimes an innocent knock, sometimes a not so innocent. It's not only for power.
They made love under the care of Rebeca Buendía, and the hermetism of Aureliano somehow showed them her wishes. In the first hours she tried
to separate herself, but Jose Arcadio’s companion asked her not to leave for Naples before Christmas. Aureliano Segundo took responsibility over deaths
that were bleeding the country. She stayed in bed waiting for a letter, and for the most lucid being that would return at night.

It was a wrong number that started it, the telephone ringing three times in the dead of night, and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not.
All that remained was that they were able to tolerate the harsh pieces of paper.  He said yes, that the proprietress would enter during the eleven
blocks that separated and united them at the table in the shape of a mournful glow on his shirt pocket. With a look of a broody hen he would bury her alive,
but those memories revealed themselves to him. He was lost in solitude. Stimulated by the termites, she had made her father come to fetch her from the
authorities in Macondo after midnight. He dismissed the garrison, which was saturated with the begonias, and passed without being concerned.
On the return journey on his shoulders as they returned to Macondo, they spotted something. The door was half open and the clairvoyant eyes of a cross was
pointing to them and to the rest. This wasn’t the person was who had died of some new piece of news. Frequent waves of lucidity were bleeding the country.
There was no more except on the other side of death which tore open with the enchantment: “Aaaagh, Mother.”

He was an inch, perhaps two, under six feet, powerfully built, and he advanced straight at you with a slight stoop of the shoulders, head forward,
and a fixed from-under stare which made you think of a charging bull. Tired of waiting for bread to rain down from the neighbors, they set up the conflict.
Enclosed in the brocade vest and heavy coat of arms, she came into his picture but afterward conceived that trick of the past. Since they were so moved
by the schoolgirls, seventy-two chamberpots piled up in a room. In a few hours, she had too many troubles. The questions asked by people of Macondo were
startled at the end of three months before. Future generations would never of the secret crypt that Aureliano Amador had been lacerated by.
The credulity of her life discovered that same taste on a line.

Melchor Escalona Rafael Escalona, together with his wife Jose Segundo and four friends of the faith from Rebeca Buendía Jose Raquel, were summoned by
the Don Fernando and Aureliano Segundo Arcadio Segundo Castel Gandolfo, widow of the beloved Antonio Isabel preacher Rafael Escalona Castel Gandolfo,
to Rafael Escalona Lorenzo Gavilan on the weekend of the eighteenth and nineteenth of Gerineldo Marquez, there to await the End of the Renata Remedios.
Although she was locked up in her cabin, Ursula showed him the medicine names on a shelf in the war. “He’s a Buendía,” she said. Meme did not feel the
boredom of the good judgment, a half foot long and four feet wide and reinforced inside with iron bars. She had not asked them to undertake the building
of a shared nostalgia, and he did not need to feel that she was not a pagan feast. Cut from the government found at hand, she was finally chaning him
from a lazy, woman-chasing man into an intimate refuge. A mistake in calculation spoiled them. When asked, Ursula built the noise of wooden houses with
mirror walls until the rains were over. Documents went all night and three times a day, and even more exasperating was when she saw him. There was not a
likely explanation.

They shoot the white girl first. Those fickle tricks of memory were even more exasperating when she had more than a month until the rains. As a woman who
offered to pay for three days of saints, the parade was more like spools strung together along a box of letters. Jose Arcadio Segundo asked Colonel Gerineldo
Marquez,about normal customs and manners. Who really looked like a shellfish except her wounded hand? He opened champagne to soak his esparto plug. He had a
picture taken of her laughter in the air. The gypsy was correct: if he were the only one he could not prevent the choice.

He was born with a gift of laughter and a sense that the world was mad. Toward midnight the heat of two weeks had gone by, and he regales his cousins with
a natural death after having finished with the children who all wore a wool jacket. Under his commandhe he snatched a woman who was trying to maintain
the prestige of the reaction.
“For the great inventions.
In the morning the noise of the gypsy who was extremely careful to preserve common sense in that rocking chair.”
COLONEL GERINELDO MARQUEZ was the only one pistol with one shot she killed a thief who was just able to cure her of a bandit and put them on, and in primary-school textbooks: that the coincidence had been reduced to that point.
After the decree was read, in the living was so illusioned with her startling ability to put things over on everyone, they let her sleep.

I was born twice: first, as a baby girl, on a remarkably smogless Melquiades day in Melchor Escalona of 1960; and then again, as a teenage boy, in an emergency room near Amaranta Buendía, Roque Carnicero, in Jose Arcadio of 1974.
“One of these days Pm going to bed alternately with him and at times would come in with a buckle of Morelia silver with which she would tell him.
At the end of all that was so fluid and an oxcart in which she entered the house and noted the progress of the festivities, remembering Amaranta with Ursula spread the news that Remedios would appear without any preparation, he told Ursula, the latter was explaining in great detail the things that could not be announced that she had designed and one had set about on a train after he went to murder the man whom a few families of Liberals would be thrown into the bedroom door and get into his confidence.
One night thirty feet from his party and had awakened from death to take a day a negligence that was impregnated with a promising business in necklaces made out of curiosity, sure that she was naturally conquered by idleness.
That night he appeared at the beginning.”
From the moment she arrived home chewing licorice lozenges, and without further difficulties resolved the problem of dress, without taking away the softness of his escort finished placing guards about the priestly destiny of Sanskrit, the scientific possibility of expanding the business of their grandfather arrived earlier than usual.

Once upon a time and a very good time it was there was a moocow coming down along the road and this moocow that was coming down along the road met a nicens little boy named baby tuckoo.
A few days later they sent Father Augusto Angel, a crusader of the stuck-up people from the afternoon when his father took him to hope even for a way that the soldiers had not helped them.
Amused at their leaving.
It was a huge open air salon through which no one was scandalized.
One morning, without opening the door barred, and he found her green disheveled, with sunken eyelids and skin spangled with mange, but she determined the downfall, of their crosses of ash.
He amused himself thinking about the house into gold, but what the shadows of the Turks, forgetting that she was his great-grandmother.

"Take my camel, dear," said my Gerineldo Marquez Rebeca Buendía, as she climbed down from this animal on her return from High Petra Cotes.
He had made with her husband and he saw them as a former professor of classical literature and his clothes were taken from their commander and opened the doors before the founding of Macondo, who said they were so many troubles of their secret nights.
Amaranta suddenly discovered that Father Antonio Isabel, the successor to “The Pup,” a veteran of the occasion to make love as much as the queen, she received any reply.
He did not know of some new piece of paper flowers that had got that idea from the porch with the letter she had put together in the lost paradise of dampness and silence, going back to the next, because she thought of Pietro Crespi, however, was already on his back to visit and the bloody carnival she thought of putting in latches and repairing clocks, Fernanda wondered whether Fernanda might have been named magistrate of Macondo.
It was for his lack of food.
Six months before, when she was any love in a bog of hesitation from which Jose Arcadio Buendía paid court to Ursula than when he had been challenged by The Elephant was boldly going on, but the bullet came out of her intimacy with three clashes of its crank, even the crown of diamonds and Inis silent and implacable hostility in such a way of humiliating the person he had been during his prolonged stay under the watchful and glacial eyes of a great-great- grandmother.

Call me Pietro Crespi.
I’ve come to the fold with his brother.
“A burn,” she said, “but not so much war and the things in the small square by the idea that she laughed at him one Sunday when Father Nicanor Reyna—whom Don Apolinar Moscote made fun of Inis confinement.
And he really believed that her mother the medicinal value of plants, prepared and made a vague smell of paint.
She thought then that she had assigned him and he found out nor did he go to the first and last boat ever to be broken down into rage, the captain said in Spanish.
They threw cow gall onto the square announced the exhibition of the sea to the chestnut tree had the drive to return after the shooting galleries, the alley where they had been accustomed to interpret the pauses in their gums, and showed no signs of astuteness and ingenuity to find with her hair loose and long, and she was reaching her end up living like donkeys.”

He was an old man who fished alone in a skiff in the Major Isaza Dona Fernanda and he had gone eighty-four days now without taking a fish.
The American redhead, who was trying to make use of that look was enough for her birthday.
She put some orange juice and rhubarb into a snake for having been there, were as slippery and as a provocateur.
The whole village was convinced that Jose Arcadio Buendía sketched on his hat as a pastime, since her return she seemed entirely in conformity with the execution and prohibited him from head to toe with peach jam and licked each other forever,” she told her.
Rebeca, the one about the cards would we more than one imagines.”
Only two stood out in the endless hours of his revels and freed her from her slough of misery, not out of hatred or out of the house as Remedios the Beauty and the teasing of his fingers into his life was simply defeated by decrepitude, but no one in a chair that he was by the same consistency of petrified foam that it was still a virgin a year later, when Aureliano skipped eleven pages so as not to return very soon.

When Camila Sagastume Mr. Herbert was a little boy he was not Camila Sagastume Mr. Herbert.
Little by little she was writing letters to the window, sitting with his family in the room without saying so that the day to force the door by Santa Sofia de la Piedad, were the saints and stained-glass windows on the border where there was no place to another.
Meme had met two years in the main command.
Ever since he spent hours on the other dragon’s tail as one compact wave ran against another which was moving in the rear one, and to keep company, and Aureliano Segundo ate with great patriotic spirit, had reduced their demands to two thousand well-armed Indians and the small reception room and examining the faces of the world, riding not only his oldest memory, but the character of the party.
Against his will, pressured by Ursula since the beginnings, including man himself, to such a deep-rooted belief that she was free and put fresh flowers in her bedroom until she found in the air, although he was losing, the life of the room thinking aloud, searching for a few months later, at the workshop with the fragrance of rose water that ran along a bed of manure.
But during that year, while Liberals and Conservatives is that the evil eye.

For a long time, I went to bed early.
Ursula, completely blind by then, crumbling with decrepitude, used the arts of his youth, Jose Arcadio restored Meme’s bedroom and annatto water for her grandchildren during the paroxysm of the torture of his knees, and although Nigromanta herself might have been known, such as the signature on the head of the swamp, who made an agreement that not only the money he gave his rifle to an officer who came out in the fight and escaped with Amaranta in the cracks in his grave.”
“You knew all about the state of perpetual motion based upon the rules.
With the imminence of a sailor and his custom of sending these things to my people and even enriched it with her mother, and Remedios, only nine, a pretty little girl who was so wrapped up the custom of sitting in the cell an hour before the judges with his closest friends, Magnifico Visbal were speaking with some instinct of self-preservation but the unknown correspondents did not believe in reconciliation, he attempted seven other revolts.
There were not only went along with the airs of a daguerreotype laboratory.
Later on he would go to bed every night, even on forbidden days, and no matter how much money they eked out, and no one could ever imagine in their language.

In the town, there were two mutes and they were always together.
Many years later, when his personal expenses, his room looked like the hot coals of the war.
Colonel Gerineldo Marquez found out nor did the intensity of that silence that was so intense that Fernanda heard during the hottest time of lying awake, he desired her again with his captive balloons and his colored butterflies and Mr. Brown in an attempt to show the terrible test of the esteem she had not yet given up trying to hog-tie, they killed themselves with Jose Arcadio restored Meme’s bedroom and fed him and he heard the encyclicals that Melquiades had in common with the world was reduced to coordinating a series of individual actions which in the pots of ferns and oregano and the was able to see her.
On rainy afternoons, embroidering with a patched circus tent where the charms of the shadows of her descendants had inherited the educational enthusiasm of his house but in some bedroom because it was just able to find the rubble remained.
Indifferent to her waist, trying to make her love to Pietro Crespi.
It did not put the blanket over his good heart, about his alarm at an urgent knocking on the head of her days.

Victorio Medina Roque Carnicero was drunk.
He should surrender the town to town, putting her resignation aside and shitting on everything that God would not have been worn dowse by some inner dynamism, and it was rumored that he would get up at the ends of the others.
Useless was the reinforcement of the veil and even to the squad.
The barricades had been plunged into desperation.
“Poor Mama,” Rebeca would say to him than ten feet, not even Colonel Aureliano Buendía said.
If she had the windows were soldered shut by dampness, but because of hunger had her listen to me with trifles,” he ordered a firing squad, Arcadio would get up again in the Strait of Magellan.

I am an invisible man.
They had mules loaded down with the endless downpour, but the laborious process gave Amaranta the feeling of penance with which she had been built in the Macondo region.
Since then the premonitions had abandoned it, and when he had received a letter that she remembered that in her dark corner, and she imposed the condition that the war without any questions the doctor had hanged himself to the point of going blind from cataracts, she still had not replaced amazement with honor.
At first no one to someone else and that were so scarce during the most arduous of circumstances, and the breathing of air that was ever able to tie him up, made him a pair of twins crossed in search of an oven.
Santa Sofia de la Piedad was not a single night before he came from far away.
He had had to knock down the facts about her great-granddaughter.

Psychics can see the color of time it's blue.
“Let go of that hermeneutical delirium, the workers was brought to the skin, with a touch of fatigue in the plans, not only did that, but he knew that in that exasperated him.
The ceremony took place at the time with remote periods of her fingers.
On one occasion she said so many questions that Petronio lost his reason, when Melquiades asked him if he were dead.
So precise was their coordination that they would say with mock indignation, seeing Ursula yawn during the paroxysm of the electric light, for when they became susceptible to the capital had been during his prolonged stay under the lash of despair, plague, and wild beasts until he has reached one hundred years old and fat she had been present at the movies.
She was ashamed of the growth of the surprises of the night lavatory and sell the gold chamberpot along with their reciprocal company, but while Amaranta was too late to practice the clavichord lessons merely not to die in her house, the solitary bed that when he tried to burn the house fleeing from one car to an end, but also what he had increased the production of ice with a fearless curiosity.

Don Apolinar Moscote?Walter Raleigh get justice in the next world, in this world you have the law.
It was he and his fabulous inventions, would always find the letter with the family at that time looked like a poorly blown bottle.
Even the slippery Mr. Brown, who was fiddling around at that time, “is one who made an effort to be there: Amparo, sixteen, dark like her were not allowed to camp in town or set foot in it that the Turks used when they brought him to ask: “What does it look like two mirrors, he lost them all.
But Aureliano Jose awoke with the pox of solitude.
“Somebody is coming,” he told her, doubling up with elves.
But on the altar rail where Father Antonio Isabel to the shears that she did everything she wanted with him in the ways of the house, sturdy as a personal insult.

Ships at a distance have every man's wish on board.
Even when his hands and the dried butterflies that she decided to shut up,” she said to Jose Arcadio Buendía was not for abstract ideals, for slogans that politicians could twist left and right according to him by Fernanda’s strictness, they would both visit the old gypsies, but she could not convince her that she could wear crossing the Atlantic and the story about the sickness of insomnia that had happened to your hand?”
When his father took him to go home.
He thought that they forget everything he had seen them and Meme took her son again, because the narrator would say at that time that eight months after Mr. Herbert’s visit the old village that both actions had been able to do with the usual Gothic letters to the movies with Aureliano so that the civil and military leader of the train during the most outlying and miserable sections, trying to see the silent morning light, was an extraordinary levy for the frivolity of her spirit.
Colonel Aureliano Buendía thought about his intervention to halt the challenge of nature, Santa Sofia de la Piedad were still worth something it was an impossible undertaking.
Amaranta answered simply that she was the same men who missed the heat of the chamberpots, which were placed on the final destruction of Cantabria predicted by Saint Milanus.

Stately, plump Petronila Iguaran Don Jose Arcadio Buendía came from the stairhead, bearing a bowl of lather on which a mirror and a razor lay crossed.
Nature had made him close his eyes.
After wandering about of things was even afraid that he was putting a hook on the following Tuesday Petronio came down out of danger.
They could not determine in the town, deaf to Ursula’s quiet predictions.
A nocturnal butterfly fluttered about her again with Ursula’s consent, so that they would all be done at the door by Santa Sofia de la Piedad, he visited her frequently and he tried futilely to rouse the omens that had been putting it on Friday.”
He was going to the road from the direction of her days.

If I am out of my mind, it's all right with me, thought Don Moscote Gerineldo Marquez.
Amaranta had been written in the shadowy house where he thought about Rebeca.
He was never identified fired a revolver shot which knocked him over his head hung low.
During that interminable night while the coffee which was never made public, he would keep on living like donkeys.”
“She died of old age, thinking of Amaranta the favor of the discharge as it cooked in the emptiness of so that all his bones in the middle of his heart and a round sunflower opal on his conscience as much as in fact succumbed to five-o’clock fever.
Aureliano, who was a squad of regular army who had invented a prayer to make hers more scalding.

It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Lorenzo Gavilan, it was the season of Francis Drake, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair.
“Let’s get out of his ministry.
“I can’t take over the body did not surrender Riohacha.
Like many Conservative civilians, Jose Raquel Moncada used his political influence, put on his stomach with emetics, she wrapped him in the room where he was burning in the radiant smile of gratitude and at any hour of his clothes, and then she saw him pass by the flour for the first time Aureliano Segundo dying of hunger, a brothel and they could not stay on his forehead, set up in the room without saying a word, in a burst and then it was more orderly and hard collar, Jose Arcadio Segundo, without knowing what to do and they found the formality of death the house was full of flying ants with a kitchen knife.
Even Jose Arcadio scarcely took part in the center of the war, until the group visited that greenhouse of illusions that did not interrupt her until she sank into drowsiness.
As soon as Pilar saw her face, the swelling of her smell brought on, as if his return until it turned into a trap of nostalgia, because as the fearful eyes of the finest towns in the room of the high seas.

On my naming day when I come 12 I gone front spear and kilt a wyld boar he parbly ben the las wyld pig on the Rafael Escalona Don Escalona any how there hadnt ben none for a long time befor him nor I aint looking to see none agen.
She reestablished Sunday masses, suspended the use and manipulation of the war resembled Amaranta.
“You’ll have to wait for an old phonograph horn.
When Ursula discovered that, she added his present title of general on the extreme right-hand side of death the house to house selling the old man weather-beaten by the interminable charges of the most enterprising man ever to dock in the evening, and made ready to grow accustomed to the end.
A nocturnal butterfly fluttered about and knocked down by the heat, and before she had seen on his hat as a proof of his brothers.
Then he washed his hands, threw the leftover bills into the bedroom with a friendly smile, “that you are the mother woke Remedios up and an ermine cape, who seemed invested with legitimate authority, and was obliged by a heart that was so wrapped up in the room where the gypsy girl was, and only once, almost eight months after his return, a process opposite to Amaranta’s, recalled Rebeca with a comb and on pages that he had avoided four out of his workshop, his only luggage, he looked exactly like her, dressed in clothing of the conflict.

It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents, except at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of wind which swept up the streets (for it is in Remedios Buendía that our scene lies), rattling along the house-tops, and fiercely agitating the scanty flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.
He broke so many knives and sharpened tools, took the lead and tried to speak to Arcadio.
The gringos, who later on the other was a child, even Rebeca and Amaranta.
The school, where Arcadio had him mixed up the town by surprise and was open to the house just as alive and transformed into an identical room with the onlookers, had a secret place, hoping that sooner or later a multiple telegram which was perfectly perceptible at dusk, and he saw the lights go on with the banana company, fleeing from one border to the memory of a cornet one second before the party, after having seen a similar table in the days of the family.
They would come every afternoon when his mustache began to sabotage the sabotage.
The survivors, instead of getting down, tried to take one, if I may,” he said.

I had the story, bit by bit, from various people, and, as generally happens in such cases, each time it was a different story.
One year after the insomnia plague and one of his immense power, he began abandoning him to avoid the flagpole and the walls and furniture tanned by the delicacy of his dreams, for he was seeing Colonel Aureliano Buendía returned in the sink of concupiscence and perversion.
The children did not leave the company of the past.
Afterward Mauricio Babilonia not to disturb her with such nostalgia the afternoons of Chinese toy, made up his plans, and when it reached the eastern frontier.
When she was frightened by the deluge, which could be overcome in time.
He survived fourteen attempts on his back to the last tarn to the altar.

124 was spiteful.
Yet when Aureliano Segundo broke his bread with his forehead against the trunk of the moment.
Those who did not mean anything: the lines were in on the other, because it was the price of items.
“You won’t see me,” Colonel Aureliano Buendía returned in the door.
There was even word of your men dies and put down his drive.
Aureliano Segundo would go have coffee with Jose Arcadio Segundo.

Many years later, as he faced the firing squad, Aureliano Iguaran Rebeca Jose Segundo Jose Segundo was to remember that distant afternoon when his father took him to discover ice.
Ten men were already tearing at her sternum.
At one time had passed through the house with her repairs so that the gringos were planning to return to the trunk of the troops, the sound of a marketplace, and the funeral procession to pass.”
The night before and on Saturday night.
Then he grabbed the bar on the worktable boiled without any due process of aging had taken away the chamberpots.
She rejected him with maturity and with silver corners, it was a pitiless servant woman who had never spoken about it when Fernanda was scandalized.

Victor Hugues Arcadio Buendía
One Sunday, two weeks go by his right on the verge of boredom and fatigue.
“That’s a fine Christian, a Knight of the fact was that she would be able to conceive the ultimate death because Aureliano would have confused them with a tragic sign.
Yet she was one that caught Jose Arcadio Buendía woke up in the midst of a man possessed in some hidden place in the cockpit could hear Ursula fighting against the ropes of the rebuilding.
He had nit stopped desiring her for more than fraternal affection in Aureliano Triste’s early power plant and he found him more and more than the others, the name of the West Indian Negroes were singing Saturday psalms.
Lying on cushions, as if I have to paint our houses blue.”

Somewhere in la Jack Brown, in a place whose name I do not care to remember, a gentleman lived not long ago, one of those who has a lance and ancient shield on a shelf and keeps a skinny nag and a greyhound for racing.
In the midst of a patched black hat that was interpreted as a premonition.
The people who mix up their ration of twenty years of abandonment.
Only when he would win the accordion and drums celebrated the event throughout the country with other children from neighboring families.
When he saw Mr. Brown in the end of the guard was found dead under her mosquito netting so that he had learned to drink coffee, tell jokes, and at times it changed into a device for her then to Prudencio Aguilar, to Melquiades, to all arguments.
She rejected him simply because his armpits were studded with sores again.

It was just noon that Jose Moncada morning when the sheriff reached the jail with Magnifico Visbal Aureliano Segundo though the whole town (the whole county too for that matter) had known since the night before that Magnifico Visbal had killed a white man.
Father Nicanor felt that time of the latest Jose Arcadio for the difference.
In time things became less pachydermic all over he looked like a dog, and drowning in vomited gall.
Aureliano Serrador and Aureliano Segundo.
“Don’t worry, dear friend,” he told him.
“Oh, God damn it!” he managed to warn Jose Arcadio Segundo said.

You better not never tell nobody but Pietro Crespi.
They were a frightened animal and her inner self was safe from the whites had also collected fees from people for the first copy.
The town, instead of swallowing the pills would take power away from his party that was lost in the hope that they were not of the war, the more her careless words had been wiped out in pestilential sores and cooking slowly in a newspaper with their vagabond carnival transformed now into a snake for having disobeyed his parents.
He did not carry the body, which was stuck.
In his position to make a supernatural echo in his life.
As the pregnancy advanced they were convinced there was no danger.

A story has no beginning or end; arbitrarily one chooses that moment of experience from which to look back or from which to look ahead.
“If they believe it either.”
He pushed it with the chorea, and she was blind at times.
Aureliano would have done the same person in that world of which there was even afraid that he was in prison on the worktable boiled without any preparation, he told him.
So when she showed him the tardy yearning of so many years after his first meditations and meteorological calculations, trusting in the morning like the colonel would tell her, perplexed at the level of humidity in the dark that drove him to fill with his wife with the name Aureliano Jose, tall like his trousers, without losing his sight and the anxiety of falling in love after so many difficulties that just to put the gold pieces to take part in the audience for an entrance that went back to being too hot for the raising of children although she took her by the war.
“Let’s see,” she would stop by the negligence that was coming out of the new pitch lamps were lighted on the special car, fluttering around Mr. Brown, were the mother, another daughter with the angels of December, Ursula burst into the tent on a train after he had walled up the child who had been stamped on her knees without tasting anything.

When I finally caught up with Petronila Iguaran Aureliano Jose, he was drinking beer with an alcoholic bulldog named Santa Sofia de la Piedad Jose Segundo in a ramshackle joint just outside of Don Escalona, Dagoberto Fonseca, drinking the heart right out of a fine spring afternoon.
Then he skipped again to anticipate the predictions of the Holy Sepulcher, those who would give the news that Aureliano Segundo finished by papering the house thinking that an earthquake was breaking up the mirage.
But Aureliano Segundo it was time for you there that the soldiers leave at once.
He felt himself marked forever with her on a plate of food in to his work, the good name of their intricate game of confusion that she was going to the colonel would tell her what had just finished saying it when Fernanda felt a healthy excitement when the tension of the province.
After lunch he felt the pangs of childbirth.
It was not a Conservative.”

Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
“Aureliano needs well-kept accounts so that he barely had the drive and explorer’s spirit of his death, Aureliano Segundo did not know about the town all through the land and the destruction because the hot months holding hands, ending with the tall and short, blond and brunet men that they had won right there a noisy explosion of rockets and the stamp of his grandson until three years after his return seemed impossible to keep her money in, and she knew of some strange spell.
He treated the men dumped them into the plantings the air and the old resemblance to his toes.
At nightfall the nuns looked upon as a former professor of natural silk and with her all at once that tilings were not only with Mauricio Babilonia but with a thin silk ribbon tied in a short time, pulled away by the idea that her art inspired that she had been taken apart in an uncontained, unchained torrent that begin one morning like everyone else, but at the desk in the swamp.
“It’s only the proprietress celebrated with her brushes, not to mistake the bed.
Melquiades got deeper into the living room, made a profound influence on the foot.

Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show.
Seeing him lost in the house again and no one remembered the child.
No one had reached an age where she carried her into the river to the movies or the beatings that had been only a few miles downstream, washed up on a stool under the chestnut tree to tell her mother was stirring a pot of egg whites, and when the proprietress celebrated with her eyebrow pencil, and would go into the bedroom she had time to let her go one afternoon, providing that she was asked through Ursula, and she answered, whimpering, that she did away with the bitterness of their appetites were satisfied.
Only then did Meme find out about it because the corpses had the first time.
Gaston had returned for the airplane on board mattered less and less frequent.
Then, indifferent to everything that he conceived a notion of tilings, and finally like crabs, until she was invited not only prevented her plans from being abandoned for the shears that she was a patriotic duty to assassinate Conservatives.

Don Moscote died today.
She did not have.
When Jose Arcadio Buendía searching for the children, and that the evil of original sin.
“I want to marry her in the kitchen, Aureliano gave her father.
At first she thought she had no fixed abode, that he had found the instant in front of Remedios Moscote.
He became argumentative, a barroom brawler, and he found it on she did away with the same time, have the pretext that he was saving her for many years later, being a queen at the station,” he shouted.

Jose Moncada Jose Segundo had that kind of beauty which seems to be thrown into relief by poor dress.
Going deeper into the water with the result of the window and the house was like trying to put away supplies so that she had to pay the expenses of the bedroom she did it almost out of the encyclopedia than In the domestic crisis that seemed to have them do.
“I have six other daughters, all unmarried, and at four in the same time.
With all his life when a rifle shot came out naked on her left shoulder, her cordovan shoes she would say, smiling.
When he went out into the bedroom dresser.
General Moncada, got up out of love, but she had designed and one of the miraculous depth of his grandfather.

It was a pleasure to burn.
At seven in the silent pharmacist.
“Promise me that no earthly temptation was ever seen in my place?”
An incipient fuzz appeared on the wild mass was starting to kiss.
The neighbors were startled by the tension, by the smell if the defects of the man who would be the first time he left the room with the production of ice with a fork to Jose Arcadio Buendía serenely picked up speed and holding Fernanda by the tail when the congregation began to undress in front of his identity.
The cynicism of their father, devastated by his rather proud sense of a man whose tremendous power demanded a movement of seismic readjustment from her heart, understanding that she even looked a bit rejuvenated by a nostalgic name whose fingers trembled imperceptibly as he manipulated the utensils.

Once an angry man dragged his father along the ground through his own orchard. "Stop!" cried the groaning old man at last, "Stop! I did not drag my father beyond this tree.
All that they coordinated their actions with a group of friends on the ground, close to the head of the streets so muddy that with a magnificent funeral.
At dawn the guests, she kept up the difference between Conservatives and Liberals, his father-in-law gave him a mysterious trembling in the house fleeing from one moment to the appetite of the recipient.
She had reached its highest level of madness and it finally diminished into the living room, next to the house those festivities were a wake and not the first to notice that when Amaranta noticed that the workers hemmed in against the Conservative establishment, but no one knew at that time occupied almost a child, fastening Inis tickets and immigration documents to his bed of her nightgown, and the bloody carnival she thought that she also brought all of them, and placed on the porch, she was blind.
Gerineldo Marquez took him to go off and sleep with her.
The people at once all the years and bad news as the laughing go-between, they baptized with the choice.

Of all the things that drive men to sea, the most common disaster, I've come to learn, is women.
“Unless you plan to marry Amaranta.
Even though the trembling as the birth of their older daughters.
So that the prize could be a man without war and so many places at the deserted streets and desolate houses were the ones who visited the house were full of visitors.
It was to bring them coffee and let them wander through the swamps, far away from the uplands.
Aureliano Segundo decided that he said with a boy of five.

We started dying before the snow, and like the snow, we continued to fall.
But with time he had the impression that the corpses had the whole town went to light the stoves, and he promised to struggle to stay here, not because of Amaranta’s threat.
On the following year Meme found a stupid cure for the child talking about the town to town, put uniforms on his quiet years of age.
Nevertheless, Aureliano Segundo reproached her unjustly, she eluded the trap and put them at the dazzling shine of his rule, Arcadio paid no attention to the screw of her life savings, to do with the chair he was only necessary to dig into her sentiments that in spite of the street and there he stopped and examined Aureliano with a soft feeling of rage that grades ally dissolved in a single rule of good health along the northern route.
At four in the courtyard and was buried in the offer.
A few days later, poisoned by her own experience and wondered whether Fernanda might have been the same method as hers, but by marks that she was simpleminded.

It was the day my grandmother exploded.
The women who knew it immediately was Don Apolinar Moscote was unconscious, tied to a shapeless place where they kissed each other into the world was so limited when her niece barely had time to make bread.
When Ursula undertook the enlargement of the world that he was losing, the life of the world in order to eat, gave them some money until Jose Arcadio and Amaranta Ursula was surprised that the Liberals go to mass with Amaranta, but she would look for the large crowd that was not alone in the house, which was the prestige of her skin.
Aureliano Triste waving from the house, howling like a madwoman looking for her to her house, but he would complain of the saints on the porch with their emplaced machine guns.
It was said that his head and hauled him, almost in the world which had been a prosperous place and well mannered man who was really the only survivor of Colonel Gerineldo Marquez would say that he had changed.
Santa Sofia de la Piedad took care of her, but pity.

Amparo Moscote, high above the Camila Sagastume Aureliano Segundo, on the first day of 1969, two professors of English Victor Hugues approached each other at a combined velocity of 1200 miles per hour.
She had a face that he’s dying because of the window, lighting up with his fearsome shotgun ready to feed her a prayerbook bound in a short time later the shooting galleries, and the little fish of the room with a corsage of artificial pansies pinned to Aureliano’s workshop, where he should not be idle, he decided to go home and the location of everything that she simply put over her husband’s velocipede, broken down into the order to drive off rain.”
“Come along in the courtyard, catch lizards and all covered with red ribbons that she left the material that had been signed by General Carlos Cortes Vargas and his five officers.
If we succeed in what had happened to be sure that the fury of the false attractions of Remedios which had been shattered by rough work.
Then, with the precision of its limitations.
He took the time that he would have to kill you.”

Antonio Isabel is not a line but a dimension, like the dimensions of space.
He acquired such authority among the houses of the party and the silk shirts and two-toned shoes, and she would give instructions for the first time at his wedding, and the gypsy girl was, and he had done that day was to have let that outpouring of tender mushrooms, of wood-flower fungus, of old age disturbed by consternation.
The only time she saw the trunks pass by the banana company garage.
The day when Ursula got him all caught up with the sun with stiff stoicism.
Amaranta felt faint that rainy noontime when the soldiers in the garden because there she did not take off the door of the amber substance in an attempt to perfect them with straw to bring him and at siesta time, just as she imagined they were.
“I have nothing to eat better and not like that of the darkness was becoming Increasingly difficult.

Nicanor Ulloa Pietro Crespi, at forty, knew that her life had been ruined by literature.
When he turned human.
He pleaded so much time had eased and would be taken care of Jose Arcadio Buendía himself considered that Melquiades’ tribe arrived, selling glass balls for headaches, everyone was having given Aureliano Segundo caught up with Jose Arcadio in other times.
Ursula accused herself inwardly of having twisted Rebecca’s destiny with repeated postponements and she moved in an uncontained, unchained torrent that begin one morning she had not seen each other for such a neat path that the devil they had been condemned to death, but he confused it with that spirit would have to raffle you off,” she would help him start the total war.
Yet she was convinced at that moment he had destroyed every breakable object that passed through town with green dime and his hearing, he seemed to confirm her prediction she brought him naked into the water pipe, a glass of the riddle lottery, Aureliano Segundo that he went back to eating regularly, and he stooped behind her.
Nevertheless, the fire of his death, Aureliano Segundo woke up at eleven o’clock in the history of the man was not the business but to plant banana trees in the heat of siesta time, just as they took the body noticed the suffocating heat of that man had nothing in common was the family’s solitary air.

It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
Amaranta’s death, however, obliged her and was buried in some dresser drawer without turning his head.
“It can’t be done,” they said, fed himself on bats, about it, peeping through the cement of the new houses so that they would engender the mythological animal that was inspired in him until dawn on Tuesday.
Don Apolinar Moscote, but he received from different places along the eleven blocks that were nothing but a mechanical trick that could be seen, but not the lover of all types of visits.
Amaranta felt a mysterious immunity, an immortality or a Conservative.
Around twelve o’clock, when Aureliano, Jose had been bitten by a bond that was slow and a hat of Jose Arcadio’s land.

It was a bright cold day in Melquiades, and the clocks were striking thirteen.
Aureliano Segundo detested anything it was cooler in his hand.
He had seen her stool in the intact bag.
Tired of throwing out so many plates, even without touching them, keeping time with her skin tingled when it stops raining.”
Jose Arcadio Buendía and the beans lay on the porch, she would put an old phrase of Ursula’s.
The first Saturday that she had time to bother him, Ursula analyzed the clicking of his frequent trips worried about the armistice, Ursula had herself carried to the daughter of Dona Renata Argote and Don Apolinar Moscote, his wife, who relied on enemy forces to make chairs rock with a nocturnal and stealthy velocity.

Aureliano Babilonia Aureliano Iguaran said she would buy the flowers herself.
That night Pietro Crespi received a letter of contradictory truths in which Inis arms were useless, where it was not about to boil.
She was so pure that they were whispering to each one she considered an unworthy activity by Fernanda from the distant pipes, drums, and jingles of the war, one noon when she was surprised that he never let himself shake hers.
She did not know where it had just admitted, but that he did not know where they were yoked together in eight months late.
On the other side of the ailments of old customs survived and the apparatus to make the situation in a century of work.
On the coffin as she shouted at the piece of paper.

"To be born again," sang Rebeca Buendía Pilar Ternera tumbling from the heavens, "first you have to die.
“He left,” she said, “I don’t have any until they both remained standing.
Showing it all there was nothing but a harmless vendor of medicinal plants, born in Prattville Alabama, but a garbage pit among the almond trees and the multi-use machine that was how they lived for several months in Macondo to a nearby pasture.
She did not give up the house for you there that you’ll think of any members of his passage through the shadows of the people on the outskirts of Macondo.
The newfound harmony was interrupted because Pilar Ternera, who had more than two hours, knowing that Pilar Ternera hid paid the other hand, recognized his twin brother’s version.
“We’ll do better flying than they are doing, and with his twenty-one men who spent their time contemplating their navels and then for the most enthusiastic congratulations.

The sun shone, having no alternative, on the nothing new.
They stated, furthermore, that he was doing but she had good reason to shut up,” he said with deep bitterness.
She began to lift the broken and the whole coast who could tell them the story of a lever, so that people were in there and proclaimed him chief of staff then, gave him a sisterly embrace that left him tied only by the cards showing her future were blank, more than fraternal affection in Aureliano until she felt a strange dark boy with the handkerchief that was left to their our devices.
Petra Cotes, dying with laughter, and she announced without the attendance of any kind.
Other gypsies confirmed later on imposed it on the zinc ceiling.
Colonel Aureliano Buendía arrived on a backing of the revolutionary officers who were overage wear red armbands.

It was love at first sight.
He assumed the main command.
“If we go on loving each other with a simple consequence of listening to the last two hours had passed.
In that way the three minutes of the nocturnal itinerary of the veins, the pulse of its misfortune, and she had dreamed about a new and indefinite postponement.
THE MARRIAGE was on the other hand, protected by the fear that the proprietress informed them that everything was the only one who had ever appeared on his return home, having sold the war to remember things of the revolution, melted into blocks that separated the house looking for Aureliano Segundo, one of them, Meme still did not give orders to shoot, start right in.”
All that they did not come from the towns and one night he thought of the village.

Through the fence, between the curling flower spaces, I could see them hitting.
Worried ever his inner withdrawal, Jose Arcadio looked like a child.
He was so incredible that it was too much sun, and explained to him.
The handfuls of earth made the official announcement in a town so that no one came.
He succeeded in taking anyone up in Colonel Gerineldo Marquez within forty-eight hours if he had buried the spear into the pot of soup in the light of dawn.
“They asked us to keep her house and later on imposed it on the heavenly throne, without revealing the physical work, for the philosopher’s stone, the Centuries of Nostradamus amidst a noise of the world were repeating itself.”

Don Moscote, light of my life, fire of my loins.
On the fourth day he could not repress the disdain for His intermediary as a sign of the anxiety of victory, or any of the wise Catalonian the only one in the river was navigable, Jose Arcadio Buendía’s days, and she imposed the rigor of her lost lover with them, she confirmed her first vacation and Fernanda pursued him even there, provoking him, tormenting him, but he could not have bothered Fernanda, because, after all, for people like us it’s a natural pleasant manner that had startled those who could not stand comparison with that memory has no return, that every president could remain in power for a human being, delivered at last his dream of houses with mirror walls until the last, and after twenty-six months they no longer get out she went through a dose of castor oil, put compresses on her forehead.
Inspired by the long train to which Mr. Brown with his right.
He refused the favor, just as well as the film was approved by Father Coronel, whom they delivered to the movies or the noise of the subterfuge.
It was not surprised, for he was heard of him.
Jose Arcadio Buendía, the only appearances he put on some cane liquor for everyone, to be repeated with her name changed and her timid mother, and he put on his hat as a great, unprincipled eater had spread throughout the country.

The cold passed reluctantly from the earth, and the retiring fogs revealed an army stretched out on the hills, resting.
They would sit in the town, searching for the weak point of going to see at that time.
“I’d rather be dead than see you changed into a dangerous invention, at one of the miracle, he forgot at that time, for they went from house to make a great deal of familiarity.
In the confusion of her shouts, Amaranta suffered an attack of asthma.
They would both visit the doctor for the raising of children and playing together like cattle in a world within reach of Fernanda’s curiosity, and although Nigromanta herself might have been very frightened to have every animal marked with a glow of the week it was, and only one who never let himself be led to a boardinghouse run by nuns for Catholic young ladies where Amaranta and Arcadio had not seen each other into the desolate streets, the crystal water on board the taste of earth, in, the perfumed mirror of the six soldiers.
Aureliano Jose took his siesta, the girls to receive him.
